testing/test-automation-tools/pods-chrome-extension/README.md, before:

This is a [Plasmo extension](https://docs.plasmo.com/) project bootstrapped with [`plasmo init`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/plasmo).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
# or
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and load the appropriate development build. For example, if you are developing for the chrome browser, using manifest v3, use: `build/chrome-mv3-dev`.

You can start editing the popup by modifying `popup.tsx`. It should auto-update as you make changes. To add an options page, simply add a `options.tsx` file to the root of the project, with a react component default exported. Likewise to add a content page, add a `content.ts` file to the root of the project, importing some module and do some logic, then reload the extension on your browser.

For further guidance, [visit our Documentation](https://docs.plasmo.com/)

## Making production build

Run the following:

```bash
pnpm build
# or
npm run build
```

This should create a production bundle for your extension, ready to be zipped and published to the stores.

## Submit to the webstores

The easiest way to deploy your Plasmo extension is to use the built-in [bpp](https://bpp.browser.market) GitHub action. Prior to using this action however, make sure to build your extension and upload the first version to the store to establish the basic credentials. Then, simply follow [this setup instruction](https://docs.plasmo.com/framework/workflows/submit) and you should be on your way for automated submission!

Commit message:

PODS Test Automation tool: Update node modules. Add README.

testing/test-automation-tools/pods-chrome-extension/README.md, after:

This is a [Plasmo extension](https://docs.plasmo.com/) project bootstrapped with [`plasmo init`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/plasmo).

## Getting Started
Pull the source code from the PODS GitHub repo <https://github.com/bcgov/nr-af-pods>
Install System Requirements for Plasmo <https://docs.plasmo.com/framework>
 § Node.js 16.14.x or later.
 § Install pnpm
Install node_modules including Plasmo framework that are required for the PODS extension.
 § Open a cmd terminal in your VS
  § Switch to the pods-chrome-extension folder
 § Run the npm install command
    □ This will download all the required node_modules specified in the package.json
Build and Add PODS chrome extension
 § Run the pnpm build command.
    □ Chrome-mv3-dev and chrome-mv3-prod folders will be generated in the build folder.
 § Add the PODS Testing chrome extension.
    □ Open Chrome extensions using chrome://extensions/
        □ Enable Developer mode
        □ Load unpacked to load the PODS chrome extension by pointing it to the  Chrome-mv3-dev folder.
 § Run pnpm dev for developing the extension so that your changes to the code will be reflected in real-time.
 § Open https://sites.google.com/view/pods-testing?testScript=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bcgov/nr-af-pods/dev/testing/test-scripts/dev/claim/blank-test-script.json 
        □ You can change the testScript parameter above.
